README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README For Project Credits

README.md, after:

# ScrapeFlow - Learning Build

This repository is a personal, step-by-step implementation of the **ScrapeFlow** project from [Kliton Bare's tutorial](https://dub.sh/scrapeflow). The app is a full-stack SaaS platform for automating web scraping using a visual workflow builder powered by **React Flow**.

🔧 **Tech Stack**:

- **Next.js** – Full-stack React framework
- **TypeScript** – Strongly typed JavaScript
- **React Flow** – Visual node-based flow editor
- **Prisma** – ORM for PostgreSQL
- **React Query** – Data fetching and caching
- **Clerk** – Authentication
- **Stripe** – Billing and subscriptions

📚 **Purpose**:
This project is for learning full-stack SaaS architecture with visual editors and scraping automation. Future plans include:

- Adding new task types
- Integrating custom AI-powered data extraction
- Designing my own workflow UI/UX
- Making it production-ready

💡 **Original Project**:  
Built by following [ScrapeFlow by Kliton](https://github.com/kliton-yt/scrape-flow) — all credits to the original author. This version will evolve into a customized, feature-rich version over time.

---

> ⚠️ Note: This repo currently mirrors the tutorial. Major changes will be documented in future milestones.
